Release notes for 5.0 and new release process page (#41)
moodlemobile/devdocs: general/app_releases/v5/v5.0.0.md

- [MOBILE-4719](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4719) - Allow to disable features via config.json
- [MOBILE-4749](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4749) - Basic TinyMCE editor for old Moodle sites
- [MOBILE-3063](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-3063) - Reading mode option for resources such as page, book and glossary
- [MOBILE-3812](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-3812) - Use skeleton screens where possible

### Improvement

- [MOBILE-4018](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4018) - Review how links and window.open are treated in iframes
- [MOBILE-4028](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4028) - Improve UX of logout when there is a form active (tablet only)
- [MOBILE-4361](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4361) - Support groups in choice activities
- [MOBILE-4434](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4434) - Support absolute URLs without domain in embedded content and link handlers
- [MOBILE-4549](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4549) - Replace moment library
- [MOBILE-4571](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4571) - H5P activity reports page: Improve the design and add the total attempts

> - [MOBILE-4578](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4578) - Quiz: essay questions are not leaved empty using the app (probably sends '<p></p>')

Reviewer: The HTML part is not rendered properly because it's interpreted as HTML and displays an empty block. We can remove it from the docs.

```suggestion
- [MOBILE-4578](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4578) - Quiz: essay questions are not leaved empty using the app
```

- [MOBILE-4708](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4708) - In certain configurations 'This Quiz has offline data to be synchronised' is displayed incorrectly
- [MOBILE-4715](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4715) - If you disable blog for the app, the link to blogs from the activities still appears
- [MOBILE-4716](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4716) - data-open-in attribute in links no longer working with app 4.5
- [MOBILE-4720](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4720) - If you only have available a custom field as a course filter, then the filter is empty (nothing is preselected)
- [MOBILE-4722](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4722) - Bug in iOS 18+ due to deprecation in cordova-plugin-inappbrowser
- [MOBILE-4723](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4723) - Disabling all blocks makes myoverview disappear (4.4 regression)
- [MOBILE-4728](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4728) - Close button doesn't have good contrast
- [MOBILE-4732](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4732) - READ_MEDIA_IMAGES and READ_MEDIA_VIDEO permissions are still present

> - [MOBILE-4743](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4743) - If the template contains { or }, it will not be displayed as an error.

Reviewer: This line is making the page crash because of the "{ or }" part. We can rename it to "curly brackets" in these docs.

```suggestion
- [MOBILE-4743](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4743) - If the template contains curly brackets, it will not be displayed as an error.
```

- [MOBILE-4777](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4777) - Support new BigBlueButton icon
- [MOBILE-4789](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4789) - Update purpose color for activity icons to match LMS
- [MOBILE-4807](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4807) - Hide question bank activities in the app

> - [MOBILE-4809](https://moodle.atlassian.net/browse/MOBILE-4809) - When clicking a push notification displayed in the notifications page

Reviewer: With this change the description is unfinished, it doesn't say what happens when the notification is clicked.
